- [Instructor] SwaggerHub's templates
can give us a jumpstart on building API definitions.
In the last lesson, we built a customer API
the customer API definition to suit the needs of HPlusSport.
So to get started, we're going to navigate
One is the inventory item, and the other's the manufacturer.
We're not going to use the manufacturer,
and now we're going to customize the inventory item
to actually be a customer schema.
and then we're going to remove the ID property
a customer number to the required field list,
and then remove the release date.
At this point, we can adjust the properties
within this object, so we'll add the customer number,
but remove this UUID format, and then
We can leave the name property,
but we'll switch the example over to an actual
customer name, so we'll just go with John Smith there,
and then we're going to switch
and modify the example to a very simple phone number.
Okay, and then at this point,
we can remove the manufacture field.
So we have a customer schema defined
to the top of the API definition
to start making some additional changes.
You'll notice that we have the servers object,
which points to SwaggerHub's auto mocking capabilities,
we'll leave that in place for now.
But we do want to change the description
this is an API for HPlusSport customers,
and then we'll change the title of our API
to the Customers API, and here within
We can leave the license as the Apache license,
and then moving on to the tags object,
here we're able to specify tags that can be used
to group different operations within our API definitions.
So I'm going to create a customer tag,
and we'll update the description to customer-related calls,
and then we can go ahead and remove this developers tag.
Okay, and now to the important section, the paths object.
Within the paths object, we're going to replace
summary and description information we'll just switch over
to indicate it's actually for our customer.
Okay, and we can say that we're able to search
available customers in the system,
and then within this operation, we're not going to use
any of these parameters specified in the template,
so I'll just go ahead and remove those,
and now we can update the 200 response
to return an array of customer objects.
So we'll go ahead and reference the customer
within our component section, and then the final thing
that we're going to do is remove
the post-operation because we'll no longer
be performing a post within this API.
Okay, so now we can see at the bottom of the screen,
it indicates that our API definition is valid,
so let's actually go ahead and save our API definition
at this point, and we can hop out of the API definition
by going back to MYhub, which is kind of
your home screen in SwaggerHub.
You'll notice on the left-hand side of SwaggerHub,
we have this sidebar navigation.
Here you'll see our organization,
and then here in the main content area,
we're able to see all of the APIs that we have access to,
so there sits our customer API.
We can navigate back into that API,
and here we see the interactive API documentation
for our newly formed customer API definition,
which we were able to build from a simple template.
You saw how quickly the template
allowed us to springboard into API development.